custodial sentences
by way of final judgment rendering the judgment
to apply the custodial sentence
if the defendant is or will be arrested
judge shall order the dispatch of the
gathering for execution then two
details to be observed here the subject
is imprisoned in temporary custody leave
conviction
then the bailiff leads the guide
gathering and so on which are
fulfilling the sentence if he is released
judge will ask the pickup guide then
he will be arrested by the police will collect
and it will be going into the unit
prison along with the guide
gathering for articles 76
the collection guide extracted by the
clerk who will compel it in all
leaves and will sign with judge will be sent
administrative authority on food of the
execution and contain the first thing to be
observed
it is extracted by the published clerk
for him and the judge and is sent to
administrative authority
in our case the prison's director and
it must first have the name of the
condemned
civil qualification and the number of
of the general register in the official
identification in our case the infopen
reverse the number of shopping 3 the content
denunciation and conviction
and the transit certificate in
judged must have everything must have a
history of the prisoner must be there
gift
4 there is background information and
degree of instruction this for individual
individualisation of the sentence is 5
of the pen and be logical,
and had his sentence and six other
reputed process parts
indispensable for adequate adaptation
penitentiary treatment then other
other facts, for example, is this prisoner already
had fulfilled a previous rdd
must be mentioned there in order to be
adequate treatment
paragraph 1 to the public prosecutor shall be
given the science of recollection guide
then as soon as the inmate tries to drive
will be the public ministry are
notified that it will be
prisoner is serving the sentence in that
criminal establishment paragraph 2 to
pickup guide will be rectified
whenever it survives it is the modification
for a start of execution the time
the duration of the penalty is then arrested
studying if I give several amount of
hours and the judge was beaten in his
hit that then it should be
notified and must be modified in
pickup guide is for the third
if the condemned at the time of the fact was
official of the administration of justice
crime will be on the mission's
circumstance for the purposes of the
provided in the article is in paragraph 2 of
article 34 of the personal law
the prisoner was the administration was part of the
administration of justice was the
court clerk
then he 15 for him
he went there worked as an officer of x
certain circumstance
so he was convicted and that was it
should be included in your guide for
because he must stay in
separate cell to cause your
physical integrity
It is also moral then as if the body
which is not placed on your card
transfer is not possible when it
was going to enter another prison unit
he may be placed with the prisoners
common and get difficult your situation that
can be recognized and its integrity
physics can be can be compromised
Article 107 that no one shall be collected
for the enforcement of the custodial sentence
freedom says without the guide issued by the
personal judicial authority
a detail that the note and if you have
making notes, a deadline of
24 hours
the judge he was the citizen was arrested is the
not yet the judge to the competent authority.
judiciary has not yet manifested
then he can live a period of 24
hours and the pickup guide is issued
then it is not necessarily necessary that
immediately with the prisoner is
I accept a 24-hour deadline in those 24
hours if the judge did not sped
the pickup guide he commits abuse
authority and will be punished for this
paragraph 1 of the
management in execution food
pass receipt from pickup tab
to attach it to the case file and the
science of its terms to the condemned
then convicted signs the guides and
authority initiative the director of
prison unit or that agent
responsible the prisoner received will give
receipt stamp will vaccinate and will of
to the prisoner who
you are in that situation
paragraph according to the
collected shall be recorded in a
book
according to the chronological order of the
receipt and attached to the medical
condemned by advancing in the course of
the calculation of emissions and other
Subsequent rectifications that we with knots
we can often understand the prisoner
that citizen is imprisoned
he committed various crimes and spoke
it was worth it
suddenly another conviction comes .
a theft and you're stuck there cohabiting here
but time comes another condemnation
by traffic another conviction by maria
of the rock
then these guides will be shaken
in the special book in chronological order
short with the order of arrival and will
be attached to the condemned oil and
course of evolution is if and
condemned to see working then
there may be remission or there may be a
generation worth the pain of others
situations then all these
claims of these changes will be
edited in the year book itself